---
title:  First performance at NOAA
date: 2025-03-03
author: Peter B
summary: 29 days ago, the Rapid Response Choir didn't exist
tags:
  - noaa
  - history
---

## Rapid Response Choir - First "performance" at NOAA 

**29 days ago, the Rapid Response Choir didn't exist**

I am overcome with gratitude to all of you for making today
such a special experience. We gathered, we marched, we sang,
we gave voice to the NOAA scientists who may not feel they have
a voice themselves.

For our first time out at an action, SO many things went well:

- People were on time (except one person., who, alas, got stuck with car trouble, after recruiting 
about SIX people! We'll be sure you make it next time!)
- We self-organized despite many of us not knowing each other, or the songs.
- We made an impressive appearance by marching up in our fluorescent pink vests!
- We used the people's mic (Mic Check!) to good effect
- We sang! This is most important thing! I saw so many people sining and clapping along, and so many people
coming up after to thank us for adding that element to the event. We listened to
each other and taught each other.
- And so much more! Little things like the drumming helping both lead the chants, and 
helping them come to a well-timed close.

I can't think of much more except we need a bigger repertoire, a bigger 
choir, and more vests!

To the first point, we will be sharing a Doodle poll on which 
weekend night has the best availability for rehearsals/tactics. I do not 
think we will have a practice this week, and we'll work on a regular time/place
going forward.

To the second, we have TEN new sign-ups today, 50% one-day growth!

To the third, I'll have more vests on order soon.

## Social Media

Please link to media coverage and tag @RapidResponseChoir on BlueSky or
Instagram. Please follow @RapidResponseChoir

We will not have an X/Twitter identity (of course), and haven't worked on other platforms yet.

## About "RRC Events"

I'm getting asked if particular events can be "RRC Events". For the moment: NO. My thinking is
that scheduled RRC events should be:

- Aligned with supporting communities under attack (immigrants, transgender people, etc.)
- Protecting / defending vulnerable communities, as opposed to being on the offensive (so no Tesla dealerships, DOGE parties)
- Within the Hyattsville/College Park catchment area OR are recognized mass action events

Please help flag events that meet these criteria! I'm connecting with the Movement Infrastructure Project (who
provided A/V) to help notify us of events. 

You are 100% welcome to ask on our channels for participation at events that don't meet
this criteria, but please do not call them Rapid Response Choir events, nor wear your vests.
Our visual and media identity is a real strength, we don't want to dilute it after our strong start.

I will have more on our March events and more training later this week. 


## More songs!?

Send them as .doc, or .txt attachments to peterb@rapidresponsechoir.org and I'll
add them to our songbook.
