---
title:  Growth, signal and next practice
# date: 2025-03-09
author: Peter B
tags:
  - history
---

Date: 2025-03-09

## 2025-03-09 Growth, Signal and Next Practice

Hi everyone! Here's the TLDR:

- We are growing! Stay tuned.
- Join Signal if you haven't already. 
- Practice Tuesday, 7pm, for those of you who can make it. Location TBD.
  
## Growth

There's been been so much growth and enthusiasm for the Rapid Response Choir (RRC), I'm rearranging my schedule to work on the RRC the next day or two (my job can wait!). Key things I'm working on:

- Laying the foundation for affiliate groups, perhaps one in DC, one in Silver Spring, to start with. If you'd like to lead an affiliate group, reach out to peterb@rapidresponsechoir.org.
- Scheduling training sessions, and drafting guidelines for actions
- Fleshing out our Code of Conduct
- Reorganizing the website, and our comms patterns
- Planning our next actions

Speaking of growth, we now have 30 people in our mail list, and 32 in our Signal chat, and I think combined we have about 40 people involved, from 0 at the start of February. 
 
So, stay tuned for more updates!

## Join Signal

Rapid response will require effective real-time communication. The Signal chat service is key to our comms. If you haven't already
download the Signal messaging app from your phone's app store. We'll also share in Signal information that's too sensitive for email (or the website)

 
## Tuesday practice, 7pm 3/11, Location TBD

About the 7pm Tuesday practice:

- Location is still TBD, I'll announce by Noon on Tuesday, and I have my home as a fallback location. Regardless, it'll be within a 10m (or 15m at most) drive from central Hyattsville.
- We'll mostly be singing, and it'll be Bring Your Own Song -- if you have a song you want to introduce to everyone, that's great! If you're not confident in your song leading (🙋🏻‍♂️) we can play it from Spotify or YouTube
  - If you need ideas, there's a [suggested songs](./songs) section on the site.
  - For each song, let's note the starting pitch (pitchpipes coming soon)
  - If you send me the lyrics ahead of time, I'll try get them into our [Songbook](https://rapidresponsechoir.org/songbook)
- Also - we'll reflect on the NOAA action, what we learned from it.
- Bring your tambourine and other portable percussion

Joy in Resistance -- Peter